hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're going
to be talking about the 2015 film
Terminator Genisys v Terminator film so
let's get started
this summary relies heavily on knowledge
of the previous films if you haven't
seen them already check out my spoilers
in the links below the film opens in the
year 2029 with the human resistance
leader John Connor launching a final
attack against Skynet the AI system set
out to eliminate the human race just
before the attack however Skynet uses a
time machine to send back a t800
Terminator once again looking like
Arnold Schwarzenegger in order to kill
John's mother Sarah Connor John in
response
sends back Kyle Reese travel back in
time in order to save her this is very
similar to the events the first film as
the film began with the Arnold
Terminator and Kyle Reese being sent
back in time just as Kyle is about to
leave the year 2029 Kyle sees John
attacked by some type of robot and then
is sent back to the year 1984 while
having visions of a childhood that he
never had in the year of 2017 in the
year 1984 the scenes in this film seemed
to be unfolding just as they did in the
first film however we see the t800 is
then attacked by an older t800 as
eventually shot and defeated which did
not happen in the first film it turns
out that the t800 that we see now was
sent back in time to when Sarah was 9
years old and after her parents were
killed this t800 terminator has been
training and prepping her for this day
Sarah is not the untrained
scared woman that we see in the first
film but now she is a confident and
trained work showing that this is a
different pass from the previous films
as this t800 raised her she frequently
refers to him as pop but he is credited
as the guardian as his primary objective
is to protect Sarah Connor and ensure
that she gives birth to John Connor so
one day he can lead the resistance
Kyle arrives to 1984 shortly after and
is almost immediately attacked by a
t1000 terminator very similar to the
model from the second film Sarah and the
Guardian rescue Kyle and the t1000
pursues them which they are eventually
able to lead into a trap where they
douse him in acid Sarah and the Guardian
revealed that they have constructed
their own time machine and plan to use
it to travel to the year 1997 which is
the year Skynet became self-aware in the
second Terminator film Kyle realizes
however that the timeline has been
altered because you remembers being born
in a world that wasn't destroyed by
machines where his original timeline
began in the apocalyptic world
Kyle convinces Sarah to travel to the
year 2017 in order to stop Skynet the
time machine that they travel in
requires that no artificial fibers and
materials be present therefore they must
travel naked to the year 2017 and the
guardian will wait for their arrival and
provide them with clothing Kyle and
Sarah materialize in the middle of
traffic in San Francisco which does
cause a small explosion leading to their
arrest and the Guardian is unable to
make it there in time before they are
apprehended Kyle and Sarah are taken to
the hospital to be treated for their
wounds and it is revealed that the new
Skynet is called Genesis which is an
operating system that will interlock all
forms of communication transportation
and government which is set to go live
very soon while still at the hospital
John Connor appears and rescues Kyle and
Sarah the guardian arrives and begins
shooting John and it is revealed that
John is no longer human but is a hybrid
T 3000 unit it is revealed that while
Kyle was sent back in time John was
attacked by a team 5,000 unit which is
the physical embodiment of Skynet it
transformed John on a cellular level
into the t 3000 terminator and John was
sent back to ensure the survival of
Cyberdyne systems and the release of
Genesis Sarah Kyle and the Guardian are
able to escape and prepare to destroy
the Genesis program before it's
scheduled
release they're chased down by John but
eventually make their way to the
Cyberdyne campus the schedule for the
Genesis project gets moved forward in
order to release the program before it
is destroyed they plant explosives
around the facility while the Genesis
system tries to talk to them first
appearing as a young boy but eventually
appearing as the t 5,000 unit that
initially attacked John John arrives in
battles with the Guardian and eventually
the Guardian is able to trap John in
cyber x prototype time machine the
machine is activated and as they both
have exposed inorganic materials it
causes a massive explosion destroying
John and the Guardian is thrown into a
vat of mimetic polyalloy similar to the
silver like structure of the t1000 unit
as the campus is exploding Kyle and
Sarah lock themselves in a bunker
sparing their lives from the explosion
knowing that they have stopped Genesis
from being released the guardian arrives
now upgraded with him a medical poly
components and helps guide them through
the debris they then travel to the home
of Kyle's younger self so he can implant
a memory in a reminder that Genesis is
sky and in order to give Kyle the memory
to know to come to the year 2017 when he
is older the three then drive off into
the countryside
initially seeming as though they have
successfully defeated Genesis however in
a scene during the credits it has
revealed that the core of Genesis was
protected and survived the explosion the
should set up for the films that are
planned to follow however they aren't
100% confirmed when they will be
released so that was the spoilers for
terminator 5 Genesis if you have another
film you'd like to see me spoil let me
know in the comments below check out
movie's spoiler alert it's under various
forms of social media listed below and
remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching